New Design Projects for the Space Nexus app.

1.  Regulatory & Legal Intelligence Hub

This Hub will have several sub-modules underneath it and will take the place of the current Compliance module.  Plan out and implement top-of-class modules that regulators, lawyers, experts, entrepeneurs, students and CEOs can rely on in the following subject matter areas:

1A.  Real-Time Policy Tracker - a live feed of regulatory changes from the FAA (launches), FCC (spectrum), and NOAA (remote sensing).  Include impact summaries for new rules like the Traffic Coordination System for Space (TraCSS) whenever a new rule is proposed or an interim or final rule is published using Claude to draft the impact summary.  Also look for news feeds about potential regulatory changes and use Claude to draft short articles about the potential impacts to space businesses from those changes.

1B.  The Compliance Wizard:  An interactive tool where users input mission parameters (e.g. orbit type, payload) and receive a customized checklist of necessary licenses and international treaty obligations.  Investigate all of the licenses and international treaty obligations that might be relevant to launches from the United States to begin with and reserve an action item for later to do the same thorough review for launches from outside the US, including Kazakhstan and other commercially available spaceports and launch facilities.  Be sure to identify all the authorizations and licenses that somebody might need to obtain if they have a payload they want to launch on a SpaceX or Arianespace launch vehicle.  

1C.  IP & Case Law Archive:  A database of space-related intellectual property disputes, satellite liability cases, and insurance claim precedents.  Do a deep dive on the web for publicly available resources that can be used to source relevant case law and legal decisions.  Include in this section any and all case law you can find that discusses legal issues related to business in space and include those here with a breakdown by the subject matter in the case (e.g. IP dispute, space law, insurance claims, liability).  

1D.  Export Control Monitor:  Updates on sensitive hardware, software and technology transfer restrictions which are critical for commercial space startups working with international partners.  Review the news for any laws or regulations that are pending or under Congressional consideration that could impact export controls for space companies (e.g. satellites, integrated circuits, high powered computing, carbon nanotubes, and other materials and components used in space).  Create a section in this module that provides updates related to such news as well as any new federal register filings for proposed, interim final or final rules regarding space-related export controls.  Create another section of this module called the ECCN tracker that lists the ECCN (export control classification numbers) for the types of materials, hardware, components, software and technology used in the space business.  Create an ECCN chart that lists the ECCN, the description of the item, and the reason for control under the Export Administration Regulations.  Do a deep dive analysis on all of the ECCNs in the Commerce Control List (found in the Code of Federal Regulations) to identify all ECCNs that could potentially be relevant to the space business, solar power generation in space, data centers in space, satellites, payloads, and other space-related technologies and list those ECCNs on our ECCN tracker.  Also create an ITAR USML tracker that repeats this process by reviewing the United States Munitions List which can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations - find all of the USML Categories that could be relevant to space hardware, software or technical data and create a USML tracker that lists the USML Category and the item description.  The ECCN tracker and USML tracker can be separate pages within the Export Control Monitor.  

1E.  What the Experts Are Saying:  Scour the web for all expert, law firm and consultant articles, blogs, twitter posts and other social media commentary discussing space law, space operations, the future of space business, and other matters that would be of importance to space lawyers, regulators, experts, entrepeneurs, students and CEOs and publish those here, citing to the original source for each card.

2.  Operational Awareness & Safety

Create a new Operational Awareness & Safety top level module.  Move the debris monitor and satellite tracker modules under this Operational Awareness & Safety module as sub-modules.  

2A.  Commercial Conjunction Dashboard:  Integrate data from platforms like SpaceX’s stargaze and COMSPOC to show real-time close approach alerts for satellites.  Analyze this data to see if it overlaps or supplements the information currently in our debris monitor module.  If it provides additional information or context, integrate this data into the debris monitor module. 

2B.  Debris & Sustainability Scorecards:  Data on the orbital debris environment and sustainability ratings for companies based on their de-orbiting plans and maneuver transparency.  Analyze the de-orbiting plans, maneuver transparency and information sharing efforts of each satellite company to arrive at a Debris & Sustainability score for each launch provider and satellite operator and provides those scores here.  Add this as another sub-module to the Operational Awareness & Safety module.  

2C.  Spectrum Interference Alerts:  Identify all publicly available sources of spectrum use and registration.  Create Heatmaps showing radio frequency interference, helping satellite operators and regulators manage the increasingly crowded SCS (Supplemental Coverage from Space) frameworks.  This is another submodule that should go under Operational Awareness & Safety.  

3.  Mission Cost Simulator module:  Create a calculator for estimating launch costs, insurance premiums, and regulatory filing fees for putting payloads into orbit across different jurisdictions based on the volume, mass, and type of payload.  Do your best to research all of the information that is available on these costs and the factors that go into these costs and incorporate them here.  

4.  Blueprint Series - Technical breakdowns of rocket engines, satellite buses, and lunar landers, using AIAA standards and archive data that you find on the internet or other sources.


